What just happened?
Mr. Sun just showed his might
Killed all the robbing ninjas
I'm just here to help
My blood belongs to those Dongying ninjas
Yes, yes, yes.
I just killed those guys
I'll send someone to clean up in a while
Thank you Mr. Sun
Why don't you thank your sister?
Thank you Mr. Sun for your help
trivial matter
Never mind.
In this way, Mr. Gao, you can take the contract and go first
I have something else to tell Mr. Liao
OK
Long Shuai just offended more
It was you just now
Nice silhouette
I'll help you too
Oh yes, I found something about
Some information on Cao Lin's remnant party
Get ready, I'll give it to you after the signing meeting.
This is the ciphertext.
And it's Cao Ling's notes
I found it when I copied everyone
It will take a while to decipher it all
But for now
Part of it has been deciphered
They seem to want
Gao Xiaoyun confessed
Cao Lin before she died
Ready to make a fuss about Gao Xiaoyun
The details of the operation are still not very clear
But from the current perspective
Still no execution conditions were triggered?
I guess there are only two conditions that trigger execution
The first point is to kill me and fail.
Second, his zombie was exposed
But he never imagined that he would die
We Qinggao clan also guessed the same
Their real purpose is to cause trouble
Return all their zombies to Takahashi Yun
Then a golden cicada shels its shell
Although Cao Lin is dead
But I think their remnants
Will still do this
Proceed with the plan
This hidden danger is not eliminated
I can't keep Gao Yunqing's promise
The remnants of Cao Ling must be eradicated as soon as possible
When I immediately asked the buyer to check it out.
You tread carefully
I'll have someone issue a strategy later
Let's hit the mountain to shake the tiger first
React to this big fish
We must attack the emperor